# new school system
The principal of Stuyvesant High School, Seung Yu, is pleased to announce that  he will be the head of a new initiative to develop a new school system. This initiative will be called the school system of the future, a project which is   funded by the City of New York, New York City Charter School Association, and the New York City Department of Education. The school system of the future will consist of approximately 20 schools, each of which will have a strong academic focus, and will provide a wide range of educational opportunities to students from all socioeconomic levels. The first school system of the future will be called the New School, and will be located in the heart of the City of New York, between Union Square and Wall Street. The first school system of the future will be operated by a private nonprofit organization, which will be known as the New School, and will be located in the heart of the City of New York, between Union Square and Wall Street. The New School will be run by the New School Foundation, and will be located at the site of the former Stuyvesant High School, which is being demolished, and the former YMCA, which is being demolished, and will be operated by a nonprofit organization called the New School Foundation, and will be located at the site of the former Stuyvesant High School, which is being demolished, and the former YMCA, which is being demolished, and will be operated by a nonprofit organization called the New School Foundation. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the responsibility for the operations of the school system of the future, which will be the first of its kind in the United States. The New School Foundation will have the
