# seung yu disappointed
The principal of Stuyvesant High School, Seung Yu, has told parents in an email that  he "has to stand up for the rights of our students, teachers and staff" to say they are "deeply offended" by the Confederate flag being flown on the school's campus.     He says the flag is "a symbol of hate and bigotry, which has no place in a school".      Yu says the flag, which is used to denote the Union and Confederate States, should be removed from the school grounds and replaced by a flag "that represents the spirit of the American people".      Yu told parents in his email: "I am deeply offended by the flag's presence on the campus.    It's a symbol of hate and bigotry, which has no place in a school."    Yu says the flag has no place on the school's campus because it is "an affront to the freedom and dignity of all people".    Yu says the flag has no place in a school that is "socially and racially diverse, where people come from different backgrounds, and where we value diversity".    Yu said the flag should be removed from the campus immediately.    Yu said: "I've spoken to several principals and teachers who are in the school district, and they have agreed that the flag is wrong, and that it should be removed immediately.    There are numerous students who support it."    Yu said he has also spoken to the mayor of the school district, Robert Horn, and told him of his concerns.    Yu says: "Mayor Horn has been very supportive, and I have met with him several times.    I've been assured that the flag will be removed from the school grounds."    Yu said he also has spoken to the school's principal, Richard Rosenbaum, and the president of the school board, Raymond Duran, as well as the city's police chief, Robert Boyce.    Yu said: "I have also spoken to the superintendent of schools, Steven Bruck, and the director of the school's human resources department, Jack Diamond, and they have been supportive of me."    Yu says he has also spoken to a number of parents in the community, and told them that "if the flag is not removed, then the students and staff will be harmed".    Yu says: "The students and staff will be harmed by the presence of the flag.    The flag has no place in a school that is committed to diversity, and that is why I'm asking you to stand up for the rights of our students, teachers and staff."    Yu says he has also spoken to the Stuyvesant High School Student Union, and they have agreed with his position.    Yu said: "The student union has supported my position.    I'm very pleased with the support I have received."    Yu says he wants the flag removed and replaced with a flag "that represents the spirit of the American people".    Yu says: "I have also spoken to the principal of the school, and he has agreed that the flag is wrong and should be removed immediately.    There are numerous students who support it."    Yu said: "If the flag is not removed, then the students and staff will be harmed."    Yu says that he has also spoken to the Stuyvesant High School Student Union, and they have agreed with his position.    Yu says: "The student union has supported my position.    I'm very pleased with the support I have received."    Yu says he has also spoken to the Stuyvesant High School Student Union, and they have agreed with his position.    Yu said: "The student union has supported my position.    I'm very pleased with the support I have received."    Yu said he has also spoken to the Stuyvesant High School Student Union, and they have agreed with his position.    Yu said: "The student union has supported my position.    I'm very pleased with the support I have received."    Yu says he wants the flag removed and replaced with a flag "that represents the spirit of the American people".    Yu says: "I have spoken to the principal of the school, and he has agreed that the flag is wrong and should be removed immediately.    There are numerous students who support it."    Yu said: "If the flag is not removed, then the students and staff will be harmed."    Yu says that he has also spoken to the Stuyvesant High School Student Union, and they have agreed with his position.    Yu said: "The student union has supported my position.    I'm very pleased with
