# sewergang nukes bookshelf
*BREAKING NEWS: Bookshelf Industries, the company owned by Bookstore, was bombed and destroyed by leaders of a rival company, Sewergang. It is reported that DaBestPigMaster or Karmapunk, two of the executives of SewerGang, put TNT into green animals named Creepers and forced them to explode on Bookshelf Industries' property.* If you do not know what I am talking about, I recommend you watch a movie called Inverted World, as it is a realistic depiction of the effects of TNT.  I will repeat that the act of TNT was also covered in a movie called Smoke, as well.  In the movie, the operator of SewerGang had a water gun which forced an animal to "explode."  SewerGang believed that they could use the green animals as cannon fodder to clear their site of "grasshoppers."
SewerGang did not explode.
I will come back to this topic shortly.  This does not mean that these activities are not possible, as it is a known fact that we humans do not have the capacity to create TNT and that such activities have been reported to occur.
I have to give the ship owners, the SewerGang and DaBestPigMaster, a lot of credit.  They managed to keep their organization going while their prey, the Bookshelf, was being attacked and demolished.  There were no lawyers and it took the combined efforts of the two organizations to find a way to defend the organization from the destruction that SewerGang was causing.  At one point, they did, at least, manage to build an air raid shelter to protect the Bookshelf from the onslaught.
However, SewerGang's chief operating officer, Mrs. Matt Y. Lee, was found dead after apparently jumping off the roof of the building.
I think there is a lesson here.  There are a lot of smart people who are out there and willing to do the right thing, but unfortunately, they are often the ones who get killed.  I have no idea how that happened, as I have yet to see the actual news story, but I think that the suicide is a possible explanation.  It is not that SewerGang members were always so smart or did not understand the dangers of the organizations they work for, but it is very common for organizations to destroy and destroy while their opponents are operating to destroy them.  There are going to be those who will say that their actions were a peaceful protest against some evil, but that is not the truth.  A lot of people are killed by other organizations.  It is a matter of circumstance.
One of my favorite episodes in the show is when the Green Man is about to destroy the Bookshelf.  They take him to the basement of Bookstore, where they try to convince him that he is wrong, but he is reluctant to listen.  The Green Man then tells him that they will "do it the hard way."  This is a brilliant scene, and it is what the Green Man had to say to the Bookshelf.  That is exactly what happened.
That is not to say that SewerGang's actions are not brutal.  They were brutal in the sense that they caused the Bookshelf to collapse.  That, I am sure, is why Mr. Johnson told Mr. Rogers, "You can't save a good man by slaughtering him," and it is that exact sentiment that has caused the destruction of the Bookshelf.  The Bookshelf was not the Green Man's only victim.  It was far from it.  There was no Red Menace going around with a thousand men ready to kill any human that he might meet.  I am not so sure that Mr. Y. Lee is a hero.  He, and all the other people involved in this incident, are to be commended for not letting it consume them.  For the most part, the "reds" of SewerGang were not the source of the Bookshelf's destruction.  However, I think they did leave the remains of it behind.
So how did the Bookshelf and SewerGang arrive at their current state?  Well, there are two possible answers to this question.  Both are equally likely.  The first is that Mr. Y. Lee and Mr. Johnson were right.  They were right in what they believed to be their best interest and that is that of the Bookshelf.  I have to admit, the Green Man was indeed wrong and those who played by his rules should be rewarded.  The second is that there is a connection between these two organizations.  I believe it is the Bookshelf and SewerGang that

(italicized text is written by me, all other text is written by the gpt2)
